Today is all 005 advantageous
This time in Lego
When I had made a mahjong machine and
It feels so compact and now a card
For example you
Will not come
Hmm
This blue card is supposed to come out fat
In a good place because the public products
I have abolished some Irony here, but it is now out there
Overseas Lesbian
Well I think this result
I tried to make it blue this time
Vending Machine 8 anymore
The color was red
Same order as there is this time
I've got all the good rows and I think I want to go right away
This card key
But it is easy to understand better and are saying
It does nothing Well even here
When put in
Here comes out and the product comes out
This is it the commodity bb
Another moat together
When pressed
Key card will paint
It will come out when there is another
TePPari paper
It comes out husband
This is how many times it is to meet in succession
There are no more products
This vending machine is not a good product
I go home
Then I planted Thank you for watching until the end planted